Update design.md (#4110)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/effective-dart/design.md

Note that it's OK to omit the type when Dart *successfully* infers `dynamic`.

> An exception to this is skipping the type annotation on an unused symbol (`_`), such as on an argument in a lambda callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exception to this is skipping the type annotation on an unused symbol (`_`),
such as on an argument in a lambda callback.
```

  safety and performance of static types.
{{site.alert.end}}

> **Exception**: type annotation on an unused parameter (`_`) can be skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Exception**: Type annotations on unused parameters (`_`) can be omitted.
```
